Terms and Conditions
Your access to and use of this website are subject the following Terms and Conditions, which incorporate the separately posted Privacy Statement and other policies, as well as any modifications to such policies, and all applicable laws and regulations (the "Terms"). If any area within or feature offered by this website contains specific terms and conditions concerning its use, those specific terms and conditions are in addition to and made a part of these Terms. To the extent there is a direct conflict between such separately posted policies or specific terms and conditions and these Terms, those separately posted policies or specific terms and conditions shall govern. These Terms do not govern your access to or use of any websites of THOMAS or its affiliates based outside the United States of America or of any services offered by THOMAS or its affiliates outside the United States of America.

Use of this website signifies your agreement to these Terms, which constitute a legal agreement between you and THOMAS INDUSTRIAL NETWORK INC. ("THOMAS", "we" or "us"). Please read these Terms carefully before using this website. If you do not accept these Terms in their entirety, do not access or use this website.

In consideration of your use of this website, you represent that you are of legal age to form a binding contract and are not a person barred from agreeing to these Terms or using this website under the laws of the United States or any other jurisdiction. If you are registering as a business entity, you represent that you have the authority to bind the entity to these Terms.

CHANGES

We reserve the right to modify these Terms or to impose new terms and conditions with respect to this website from time to time without prior notice. Such modifications and additions shall be effective immediately upon notice thereof, which may be given by any means, including without limitation posting the modified Terms or additional terms and conditions on this website. All users of this website or other THOMAS service should review these Terms periodically and prior to any use of the website. You agree that you shall be deemed to be apprised of and bound by any modification by THOMAS to these Terms. ANY ACCESS OR USE OF THIS WEBSITE OR OTHER U.S.-BASED THOMAS WEBSITE BY YOU AFTER NOTICE OF MODIFICATIONS OR ADDITIONS TO THESE TERMS SHALL CONSTITUTE AND BE DEEMED TO BE YOUR AGREEMENT TO SUCH MODIFICATIONS OR ADDITIONS. No modification to these Terms by any party other than THOMAS shall be valid or enforceable against THOMAS unless expressly agreed to by THOMAS in a writing signed by a duly authorized officer of THOMAS.

USER CONDUCT AND RESPONSIBILITY

THOMAS provides this website to, among other things, enable users with requests for product and service information to contact the companies that are a part of THOMAS' database of companies and are listed on this website ("Suppliers") and any other third parties that may advertise on this website or provide services, features or information in connection with this website or to THOMAS ("Providers"). This website incorporates online collaborative applications and tools to allow users to obtain pricing and other information about products and services listed on this website. Descriptions of, or references to, products or services offered by Suppliers or Providers on this website do not imply endorsement of any product or service, or constitute a warranty, by THOMAS or its affiliates.

Except to extent THOMAS or its affiliate Xometry, Inc. ("Xometry") facilitates payments between you and any Supplier or quotes itself on a request from a Buyer within the Industrial Buying Engine, we are not involved in any sales transactions regarding products or services offered by Suppliers or Providers on this website. As a result, we have no control over such sales transactions, including without limitation the quality, safety or legality of the items transacted; the accuracy of the information or specifications provided; the ability of users or buyers to buy items; the ability of users or suppliers to deliver items promised; the ability of buyers to pay for items; or the application or amount of any tax levied on these transactions. These Terms and the information provided by this website in no way override the terms and conditions of your purchase of any product or service except as specifically provided herein. We cannot ensure that a user, buyer, Supplier or Provider will complete a transaction or that a transaction will be completed in a satisfactory manner. We encourage you to communicate directly with users, buyers, Suppliers and Providers through the tools available on this website or by other commercially available means that you might normally use in conducting transactions. IT IS YOUR SOLE RESPONSIBILITY TO QUALIFY THE USER, BUYER, SUPPLIER OR PROVIDER THAT YOU CHOOSE TO DO BUSINESS WITH.

The passage of time can render information stale, and you should not rely on the continued accuracy of information posted by other users. THOMAS and its content suppliers have no responsibility to update any information contained in any such material. All viewers should carefully check to determine if material contained on this site or in reports developed from such materials include any dated content and conduct themselves accordingly.

You agree to: (a) provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself and (b) maintain and make reasonable efforts to promptly update the information to keep it true, accurate, current and complete. We have the right to suspend or terminate your account (if any) and refuse any and all current or future use of this website or the services provided in connection therewith (or any portion thereof) for any reason.

INDUSTRIAL BUYING ENGINE

The Industrial Buying Engine allows Suppliers listed on Thomasnet.com to interact with Buyers using Thomasnet.com to quote projects, manage work, and get paid on the Thomasnet.com platform. Buyers who use the "Quote and Buy" functionality build a project with quantity, specifications and fulfillment details for products or services Buyers need.

Suppliers receive email invitations to "View" a new project which the Supplier can "Accept" or "Decline". If accepted, Suppliers build and send a quote back with all of the information the Buyer needs to make an informed purchase decision. Buyers can ask clarifying questions or move directly to the checkout process and pay through the Industrial Buying Engine. THOMAS or its affiliates, including but not limited to Xometry, may, at any time, take on the role of Supplier and respond to Buyer projects with a quote, even if the Buyer did not invite THOMAS or its affiliates to quote the project. It is the Buyer"s sole responsibility to choose the Supplier with whom to do business.

Suppliers who sign-up for Thomas' Vertical Supplier Sourcing Platforms, for example, Express Metal, Express Plastics, Express Finishing and more, will receive RFQs submitted by Buyers via the Vertical Supplier Sourcing Platform. To be eligible, Suppliers must agree to the following additional terms:

Respond to Buyer RFQs via Thomas' platform within 48 hours of notification.
Communicate with Buyers on-platform using the provided communications tool within the Vertical Supplier Sourcing Platform.
Transact with buyers on-platform (which incurs the 4.5% transaction fee noted below in Xometry Payment Services).
If Supplier does not comply with these additional terms, Thomas reserves the right to suspend or terminate Supplier's use of Thomas' Vertical Supplier Sourcing Platforms.

XOMETRY PAYMENT SERVICES

Suppliers using certain services including the Industrial Buying Engine may access and use functionality that allows the Supplier to process payments from buyers. Xometry facilitates such payments, and the payment service ("Xometry Pay" or the "Payments Services") consists of: (i) Xometry Pay Account onboarding; (ii) payment underwriting; and (iii) a payment data transmission service that helps you and the Supplier integrate with a payment processor (the "Processor"), as more fully described here. These Payment Services terms are incorporated herein by reference and by accepting this Agreement you are also accepting them.

Fees charged by THOMAS or Xometry for such payment services are non-refundable. The current non-refundable transaction fee for Xometry Payment Services is 4.5% of the total order amount. This fee will be deducted from the payment amount remitted to the Supplier when payment is sent to the Supplier by THOMAS. For Suppliers, transaction fees will be deducted from the payment amount remitted to the Supplier when payment is sent to the Supplier.

TRANSACTION ASSURANCE

Buyers may dispute payments made due to issues with an order within twenty-one (21) days from the delivery date or intended delivery date, provided that the order was placed with a Thomas Registered or Verified Supplier or Xometry Partner and paid for online through the Industrial Buying Engine's secure payment platform. If, in its sole discretion, THOMAS or Xometry determines that a refund of fees paid is appropriate, THOMAS will refund 100% of the amount paid by Buyer within 30 days of dispute. If a refund is provided, Buyer may need to return any delivered products and THOMAS will provide instructions for returns.

Buyers may not misuse feedback, returns, buyer assurance programs, or payment dispute processes, and Suppliers can report abusive behavior to THOMAS. If a Thomas Registered or Verified Supplier or Xometry Partner is found to be negligent or deceitful in their dealings with Buyers or has repeated transaction disputes, the Supplier may be delisted and permanently banned from the Thomasnet.com platform and may be subject to legal action. THOMAS encourages professional and courteous interactions between Buyers and Suppliers. Xometry, Inc. and/or its affiliates including THOMAS, are neither a bank, payment institution, nor money service business, but instead a supplier of the Payment Services under this Agreement.

SUBMISSION OF CONTENT

You understand that all information (including without limitation information provided when signing up for a Thomasnet account or requesting quotes), data, text, software, music, sound, photographs, images, graphics, videos, messages, logos or other materials (collectively, "Content"), whether publicly posted on (including any forums or other public areas) or privately transmitted through (whether to us, other users, Suppliers or Providers) this website, is the sole responsibility of the person from which such Content originated. This means that you, and not THOMAS or its affiliates, are entirely responsible for all Content that you upload, post, list, email, transmit or otherwise make available via this website, which acts as a passive conduit for your online distribution and publication of that Content. Under no circumstances will THOMAS or its affiliates be liable in any way for any Content posted by you or third parties, including, but not limited to, for any errors or omissions in any such Content, or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any such Content posted, listed, emailed, transmitted or otherwise made available via this website. Neither THOMAS nor its affiliates control the Content posted by you or third parties and, as such, does not guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of such Content. You understand that by using this website, you may be exposed to Content that is offensive, indecent or objectionable. Notwithstanding the foregoing, although you acknowledge THOMAS does not pre-screen Content, we retain the right, which we may or may not exercise in our sole discretion, to review, edit or delete any material that we deem to be illegal, offensive or otherwise inappropriate, or we otherwise deem to violate these Terms of Use.

You may not list any Content on this website (or consummate any transaction that was initiated using this website) that could cause us to violate any applicable law, statute, ordinance or regulation, or that violates any patent, trademark, other intellectual property rights, trade secrets or any other rights of another party. Furthermore, you agree that you will not use this website or our services or applications for chain letters, junk mail, "spamming" or commercial solicitations or to send any message or Content that (a) is libelous, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, pornographic, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, hateful, abusive or illegal; (b) contains viruses or other features that might contaminate or destroy this website; (c) infringes the patent, trademark, copyright, trade secret or other intellectual property rights of any other person or party; (d) impersonates any person or entity or falsely represents your affiliation with another person or entity; (e) contains a computer virus or code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment or (f) otherwise gives rise to liability or violates any other applicable law.

Except as otherwise expressly provided herein or in the separately posted Privacy Statement, any communication or Content, including personal information, you post or list on this website or transmit to THOMAS by electronic mail or otherwise, including without limitation any contest or sweepstakes entries, essays, questions, comments, suggestions or the like, is and will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary and you hereby grant THOMAS, Suppliers and Providers (and their respective affiliates, agents or contractors) and other users a non-exclusive license to such material for any purpose, including without limitation reproduction, modification, disclosure, transmission, publication, broadcast and posting, and for advertising, publicity or promotional purposes in any media, now known or hereafter conceived or created, without further permission, consent, payment or other consideration, unless prohibited by law. Furthermore, THOMAS, Suppliers and Providers (and their respective affiliates, agents or contractors) are free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in any such communication or Content for any purpose whatsoever, including without limitation developing, manufacturing and marketing products or services using information contained in such communication or Content.

THOMAS CONTENT

Content posted by THOMAS is provided for informational purposes only and is not binding on THOMAS in any way except to the extent it is specifically indicated to be so. THOMAS may change, delete or update any Content it has posted at any time and without prior notice. Any use, modification, reproduction or distribution of Content posted on this website by THOMAS, except as specifically permitted in these Terms or as otherwise expressly permitted in the Content or in a writing signed by THOMAS, is strictly prohibited.

COPYRIGHTS AND OTHER INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

Unless otherwise noted, THOMAS or its affiliates, Suppliers, Providers or other third parties own all Content, and the compilation thereof, on the website, including, without limitation, all copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, trade names, logos, and other intellectual property rights thereto, as well as text, images, graphics, logos, audio, video and other material appearing on the website.

Thomas for Industry ™,Thomasnet®, Custom Quotes® Thomas Register®, Thomas Regional®, CADRegister®, PartSpec®, PlantSpec®, CADBlocks®, Industrial NewsRoom®, Industrial Market Trends, WebTraxs® and/or any other names of products or services provided by Thomas Publishing Company, LLC referenced herein or on this website (the “Thomas Marks”) are either trademarks or registered trademarks of Thomas Publishing Company, LLC. The names of other companies, products and services referenced herein may be the trademarks of their respective owners. You may not use any Thomas Marks without the consent of THOMAS. Except as noted above, you are not conveyed any right or license by implication, estoppel, or otherwise in or under any Thomas Marks or the intellectual property of any third party.

LIMITED LICENSE

You may only view and use this website and the Content on this website to obtain information on companies, products, services, industries, news or jobs listed on this website. Except as set forth herein, you may not reproduce, copy, modify, transmit, display, publish, sell, license, transfer create derivative works, perform or distribute or otherwise make available to any information service or other third party, by any means, method or process whatsoever, now known or hereafter developed, any of the Content on or transmitted through this website, including without limitation by transferring, downloading or otherwise copying any such Content onto any disk drive or other storage medium, now known or hereafter developed. Without limiting the foregoing, you may not use or permit the use of the Content to prepare an original database or a comparison to other databases that are sold, rented, published, or furnished in any manner to a third party. You may not scrape the website or otherwise make any use of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you may make print, download or otherwise make a single copy of listings and information contained herein provided such copies are solely for your internal use and are not distributed to any third parties for commercial purposes or financial gain and provided that in each such copy you retain intact all copyright and other proprietary notices.

If you wish permission to publish, broadcast or otherwise distribute Content on this website, please click here to make an inquiry to our rights department. Any reproduction permitted under these Terms must contain notice of Thomas Publishing Company, LLC's copyright as follows: "Copyright © 2022 Thomas Publishing Company, LLC. All rights reserved."

ADDITIONAL TERMS FOR XOMETRY WORKCENTER

Xometry WorkCenter is a service provided by THOMAS' affiliate Xometry, Inc. ("Xometry"). If you use a free trial or beta version of Xometry WorkCenter, a software tool that allows Xometry manufacturing partners to manage and track work in process, you agree and understand that your access and use of Xometry WorkCenter is contingent upon your status as a Xometry manufacturing partner in good standing that continues to quote and process order requests for on demand manufacturing via www.xometry.com. Should you cease to be a Xometry manufacturing partner, Xometry may, in its sole discretion, begin charging you a fee for your continued use of Xometry WorkCenter or disable your access to Xometry WorkCenter. Xometry may offer upgrades or enhancements to the Xometry WorkCenter software which may incur fees should you choose to upgrade your free trial or beta version of Xometry WorkCenter. Finally, Xometry may choose to end its free trial or beta version of Xometry WorkCenter at any time by providing notice to then-current users of Xometry WorkCenter.

Xometry may access and use the data entered into the software in order to configure, provide, and maintain the Xometry WorkCenter service, and otherwise as necessary to comply with its obligations under these terms and (ii) Xometry may collect and use data generated by (or on behalf of) the Xometry WorkCenter service for its business purposes (including without limitation to report on the aggregate response rate and other aggregate measures of the Xometry WorkCenter performance), so long as such data is presented in aggregated and de-identified form.

Non-Xometry initiated work order data and related customer information entered into the WorkCenter software by You ("Partner WorkCenter Data") shall be owned by You. Xometry shall not use Partner WorkCenter Data to market Xometry services to Your customers. Notwithstanding the foregoing, You acknowledge that Xometry may have existing relationships with Your customers or such customers may seek out Xometry services independent from Your use of Xometry WorkCenter.

NOTICE AND PROCEDURE FOR MAKING CLAIMS OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY INFRINGEMENT

If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement or your intellectual property rights have otherwise been violated, please provide the THOMAS copyright agent the written information specified below:

An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright or other intellectual property interest;
A description of the copyrighted work or other intellectual property that you claim has been infringed;
A description of where the Content that you claim is infringing is located on a THOMAS website, including the permanent URL, if possible;
Your address, telephone number, facsimile number and email address;
A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright or other intellectual property owner, its agent or the law; and
A statement by you, under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your Notice is accurate and that you are the copyright or other intellectual property owner or are authorized to act on behalf of the copyright or other intellectual property owner.
The THOMAS Copyright Agent for notice of claims of copyright or other intellectual property infringement can be reached as follows:

Email: CopyrightAgent@Thomasnet.com:

Thomas Publishing Company LLC
Attn: Copyright Agent
Five Penn Plaza
New York, New York 10001
USA

THOMAS may terminate the accounts of repeat infringers or block their future access to the site.

NO ENDORSEMENT OF LINKED THIRD PARTY WEBSITES

Links to other websites do not imply an endorsement or approval of the Content disseminated by publishers at those websites, nor does the existence of a link to another website imply that the organization or person publishing at that website endorses any of the Content at this website. THOMAS and its affiliates are not responsible for and do not control the availability, Content, policies or practices of any website linked to this website. In addition, you may be bound by the terms of use and privacy provisions of other websites.

TERMINATION

These Terms are effective until terminated by either you or THOMAS. You may terminate these Terms at any time by destroying all Content obtained from this website and all related documentation and all copies and installments thereof whether made under the terms of these Terms or otherwise. THOMAS may terminate your right to access or use this website or any feature or portion thereof or change, suspend or discontinue all or any aspect or portion of this website, or any service, feature or product offered through it, at any time, without notice or liability to you, any other user or any third party. Upon termination, you are no longer authorized to access this website and you must destroy all copies of any Content obtained from this website. The restrictions imposed on you with respect to the Content, and the disclaimers, indemnities and limitations of liabilities set forth in these Terms shall survive termination.

DISCLAIMER

Content posted by THOMAS may contain errors, omissions or typographical errors or may be out of date. THOMAS MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THIS WEBSITE OR ITS CONTENTS, WHICH ARE PROVIDED FOR USE "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE", OR THAT THIS WEBSITE OR ITS CONTENTS WILL BE AVAILABLE, ACCURATE, COMPLETE OR TIMELY. THOMAS DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, WITH RESPECT TO THIS WEBSITE, ANY WEBSITE WITH WHICH IT IS LINKED AND ANY PRODUCTS OR SERVICES LISTED ON THIS WEBSITE. THOMAS DOES NOT WARRANT THE FUNCTIONS, INFORMATION OR LINKS CONTAINED ON THIS WEBSITE OR THAT ITS CONTENTS WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, THAT THIS WEBSITE OR ITS CONTENTS ARE FIT FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR THAT THE OPERATION OF THIS WEBSITE OR ITS CONTENTS WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED OR THAT THIS WEBSITE OR THE SERVER THAT MAKES IT AVAILABLE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES, WORMS, TROJAN HORSES, CANCELBOTS OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. YOU (AND NOT THOMAS) ASSUME THE ENTIRE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. THOMAS DOES NOT WARRANT OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE USE OR THE RESULTS OF THE USE OF THE CONTENT OR MATERIALS ON THIS WEBSITE IN TERMS OF THEIR CORRECTNESS, ACCURACY, RELIABILITY OR OTHERWISE. YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THIS WEBSITE AND THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE CONTENT IS ASSUMED SOLELY BY YOU. ALL PRODUCTS AND SERVICES LISTED ON THIS WEBSITE ARE SUBJECT TO ANY APPLICABLE WARRANTIES AND REPRESENTATIONS OF THEIR RESPECTIVE MANUFACTURERS. ACCORDINGLY, THOMAS MAKES NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY WITH RESPECT TO ANY PRODUCT OR SERVICE LISTED ON THIS WEBSITE. APPLICABLE LAW MAY NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY

UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, NEGLIGENCE, BREACH OF CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY OR TORT, SHALL THOMAS, ITS AFFILIATES, LICENSORS OR CO-BRANDERS, SUPPLIERS, PROVIDERS OR THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, OWNERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, CONTRACTORS AND INFORMATION PROVIDERS (COLLECTIVELY, "THOMAS PARTIES") BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOSS OF DATA OR PROFIT, ARISING OUT OF THE USE, OR THE INABILITY TO USE, THE CONTENT OR MATERIALS ON THIS WEBSITE, OR THEIR CONDUCT IN PROCURING, COMPILING, COLLECTING, INTERPRETING, REPORTING OR DELIVERING SERVICES, EVEN IF A THOMAS PARTY OR A THOMAS PARTY AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IF YOUR USE OF CONTENT OR MATERIALS FROM THIS WEBSITE RESULTS IN THE NEED FOR SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION OF EQUIPMENT OR DATA, YOU ASSUME ANY COSTS THEREOF. SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS OR EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IN NO EVENT SHALL A THOMAS PARTY'S TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ALL DAMAGES, LOSSES AND CAUSES OF ACTION, WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR NOT (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, NEGLIGENCE), EXCEED THE AMOUNT PAID BY YOU, IF ANY, FOR ACCESSING THIS WEBSITE. THIS LIMITATION ON LIABILITY INCLUDES, BUT IS NOT LIMITED TO, THE TRANSMISSION OF ANY VIRUSES WHICH MAY INFECT A USER'S EQUIPMENT, FAILURE OF MECHANICAL OR ELECTRONIC EQUIPMENT OR COMMUNICATION LINES, TELEPHONE OR OTHER INTERCONNECT PROBLEMS (e.g., YOU CANNOT ACCESS YOUR INTERNET SERVICE PROVIDER), UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS, THEFT, OPERATOR ERRORS, STRIKES OR OTHER LABOR PROBLEMS OR ANY FORCE MAJEURE.

INDEMNITY

You agree, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to indemnify, defend and hold harmless THOMAS PARTIES from and against any claims, liability, losses, costs and expenses (including but not limited to reasonable attorneys' fees) incurred by any THOMAS PARTY in connection with any violation of these Terms by you and any use or alleged use of this website under your password by any person, whether or not authorized by you. THOMAS reserves the right to assume the exclusive defense and control, at its own expense, of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you. In such case, you agree to cooperate with THOMAS' defense of such claim.

MOBILE SERVICES

This website may provide certain services that are available to you via your mobile phone or other mobile device if you have subscribed to them, including the ability to use your mobile device to contact Suppliers and Providers about their products or services, receive and reply to messages from THOMAS and access certain other features (collectively, the "Mobile Services"). Your mobile carrier's normal messaging, data, and other rates and fees may apply to your use of the Mobile Services. In addition, downloading, installing, or using certain Mobile Services may be prohibited or restricted by your mobile carrier, and not all Mobile Services may work with all carriers or devices. Therefore, you are responsible for checking with your mobile carrier to determine if the Mobile Services are available for your mobile devices, what restrictions, if any, may be applicable to your use of the Mobile Services and how much they will cost you. By using the Mobile Services, you agree that THOMAS may communicate with you by SMS, MMS or other electronic means to your mobile device and that certain information about your usage of the Mobile Services may be communicated to THOMAS. In the event you change or deactivate your mobile telephone number, you agree to promptly update your mobile subscription account information with us to ensure that the messages THOMAS intends to send to you are not sent to another person or entity who acquires such mobile telephone number.

JURISDICTIONAL ISSUES

This website is controlled and operated by THOMAS from its offices in the State of New York, United States of America. Access to or use of this website shall not be construed as THOMAS' purposeful availment of the privilege or benefits of doing business in any state or legal jurisdiction other than the State of New York. THOMAS makes no representation that Content on this website is appropriate or available for use in other locations. Those who choose to access this website from other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable. You and THOMAS consent to bring any action to enforce these Terms in the federal or state courts located in the County of New York, State of New York, United States of America. Additionally, these Terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with, and any claims brought against THOMAS shall be governed by, the laws of the State of New York, United States of America without regard to its choice of law principles.

Software from this website is further subject to United States export controls. No software from this website may be downloaded or otherwise exported or re-exported (i) into Syria, North Korea, Iran, Iraq, Libya, Cuba, Venezuela or any other country to which the United States has embargoed goods; (ii) to a national or resident of same; or (iii) to anyone on the U.S. Treasury Department's list of Specially Designated Nationals or the U.S. Commerce Department's Table of Deny Orders. By downloading or using this website or any software provided through this website, you represent and warrant that you are not located in, under the control of or a national or resident of any such country or on any such list.

You acknowledge and agree that if you are located outside the United States, providing THOMAS with any personal or proprietary information through the site indicates your consent to the transmission of such personal or proprietary information over international borders as necessary for processing in accordance with THOMAS's standard business practices.

MISCELLANEOUS

These Terms constitute the entire agreement between the parties relating to the subject matter herein. No waiver by THOMAS of any breach or default hereunder shall be deemed to be a waiver of any preceding or subsequent breach or default. If any provision of these Terms shall be unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from these Terms and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. The headings and captions in these Terms are intended for convenience only and shall in no way affect the interpretation of the Terms.

THOMAS and its affiliates shall not be liable for any nonperformance or delay in performance caused by any act beyond its reasonable control, including without limitation acts or omissions of third parties, unavailability of supplies, equipment failure, war, strikes, lock-outs, fire, flood or any other Act of God, any law, regulation, ordinance or other act or order of any court, government or governmental agency, or delays, unavailability, errors or other failures of the Internet or other data networks.

Revised: December 12, 2022

----------

Thomas Privacy Statement
Revised: June 28, 2022

Purpose
Thomas Publishing LLC, including its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, "Thomas," "we" or "us") respects the privacy of its customers, business partners, and website visitors (collectively "you"). The Thomas Privacy Statement (the "Privacy Statement") describes the information that we collect, how we obtain the information, and how we may use or disclose that information. This Privacy Statement also describes the measures we take to protect the security of the information and how individuals can contact us about our privacy practices.

Scope
This Privacy Statement covers our privacy practices with respect to the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information obtained through:

Interaction with all Thomas website properties. In addition to its websites, Thomas provides web-based tools which require individuals to log-in to retrieve data or to update product information. These web-based tools and the Thomas website properties, collectively, are referred to as the Thomas Websites (the "Thomas Websites").
Product data management tools and services which include access to CAD and BIM models, product configurators and e-commerce capability, (collectively, "Thomas Product Data Solutions").
Marketing services provided to Customers including but not limited to website design & development and inbound marketing services, (collectively, "Thomas Marketing Services").
Tracking services provided to Customers including but not limited to website tracking services and call tracking services, (collectively, "Thomas Tracking Services")
Software and productivity tools that help manage and track work in process for manufacturing companies (collectively, "Thomas Software Tools")
In this Privacy Statement, the Thomas Websites, Thomas Product Data Solutions, Thomas Marketing Services, Thomas Tracking Services and Thomas Software Tools are collectively referred to as the "Thomas Service" or "Thomas Services."

You should review this Privacy Statement carefully, because if you do not agree with our practices, you should not use the Thomas Services. By using the Thomas Services, you accept and agree to our privacy practices.

Definitions
For the purposes of this Privacy Statement, where not otherwise defined, the following terms have the meanings set forth:

"Customer" means any entity that purchases Thomas Product Data Solutions or Thomas Marketing Services from Thomas.

"Providers" means third parties that advertise on Thomas Websites or provide services, features or information in connection with Thomas Websites.

"Suppliers" means companies that are a part of Thomas' database of companies.

How We Collect Information
As further described below, we collect information from visitors to the Thomas Websites and users of the Thomas Services from several sources:

We collect information you provide to us when you:

register for a Thomas Website;
fill out forms on a Thomas Website;
submit data and content via a Thomas Website, participate in bulletin boards, engage in a chat, post a comment, participate in forums or other interactive features of a Thomas Website or request further information or services from us, one of our Customers or other Suppliers listed on the site;
enter a contest or promotion we sponsor;
report a problem with a Thomas Website;
contact us;
complete our surveys; or
subscribe to our email newsletters.
We collect information from third parties as follows:

Thomas may collect reporting and analytics information from third parties in connection with your use of the Services. We automatically collect information as you navigate through the Thomas Websites.

We use cookies to collect information. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to the Thomas Websites. You may refuse to accept cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. You may also set your browser to alert you when cookies are being sent. However, if you do so, please note that some parts of the Thomas Websites may then be inaccessible or function improperly. See more detailed information about what cookies are and how we use them under "Cookies and Other Forms of Automated Collection" below.

Thomas collects personal information on behalf of its Customers from visitors or users who:

engage in e-commerce transactions with Customers via the Thomas Services;
submit informational requests and requests for pricing or quotations from Customers/
submit forms that may be required to download CAD or BIM sales drawings or other product information requests from Customers; or
access Customer websites that use Thomas Tracking Services.
Customers, not Thomas, are obligated to obtain consent from users to collect personal information for these purposes if applicable under applicable law or inform such users that personal information may be shared with Thomas.

Information We Collect
We collect personal information including, without limitation, company name and address, mailing address, email address, IP address and telephone number.

We collect details about your website visits, including, but not limited to, your IP address, usage patterns, traffic data, location data, logs and other communication data and the resources that you access, as well as information about your computer and internet connection, including your operating system and browser type.

Via persistent cookies, which are data files that remain on your computer for future visits until deleted, we may track your behavior at other websites, including what sites you visit and how long you spend there.

In addition to the foregoing, Thomas may collect information on behalf of Customers who have provided forms residing within the Thomas Services, or Customers who have implemented a Thomas Tracking Service, namely:

company name and address;
user contact information including, first name, last name, phone number and email address;
payment information (credit/debit card information) in connection with an ecommerce transaction;
informational requests and requests for pricing or quotes; or
information about the user's movements as they navigate throughout the Thomas Services.
How We Use Information Collected
We use information that we collect about visitors to the Thomas Services for the following purposes:

To present Thomas Websites and Customer websites and catalogs and their contents in a suitable and effective manner for you and for your computer or mobile device.
To diagnose and resolve technical problems with a Thomas Website and Customer websites and catalogs.
To improve Thomas Services, Thomas Websites and Customer websites and catalogs.
To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us or our Customers.
To provide usage reports to Customers who advertise or provide other services on Thomas Websites.
To provide reporting to Customers who provide information, applications and other services.
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between Thomas and our Customers, including without limitation, Thomas Website Terms and Conditions.
To notify you about changes to a Thomas Service or obtain any required consent.
To allow you to participate in interactive features of a Thomas Website and Customers' websites and catalogs when you choose to do so.
For industry analysis, benchmarking, analytics, marketing, and other business purposes.
To track your browsing behavior, such as the pages you visited over time.
To improve your content experience as a newsletter subscriber.
To improve your Thomas Website experience.
For example, Thomas uses a third party for reporting and analytics to measure the effectiveness of our Thomas Websites, marketing efforts for the Thomas Websites (for example, the effectiveness of email promotions) and to identify areas for improvement.

Cookies and Other Forms of Automated Collection
We use "cookies" to help us improve the Thomas Websites. A cookie is a small piece of data sent from a website and stored on a visitor's computer by the visitor's web browser. We use session cookies while you are visiting to obtain information about your general Internet usage and to:

estimate our audience size and usage patterns;
store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our Thomas Websites;
speed up your searches;
authenticate your access to various areas of a Thomas Website;
recognize you when you return to a Thomas Website;
track when you respond to surveys;
provide a consistent website look and feel;
capture feedback from site users;
connect via social media applications;
conduct site testing; or
provide analytics services about the use of the Thomas Websites.
We also use cookies on behalf of Customers whose websites and catalogs are hosted by Thomas to:

authenticate a user's access to the Service;
track session state in the Service; and
recognize the user when returning to the Service.
We use third-party ad servers or ad networks, to serve advertisements within and after you visit Thomas Websites. These companies can also send their own cookies. Please note that if an advertiser asks us to show an advertisement to a certain audience or audience segment and you respond to that ad, the advertiser or ad-server may conclude that you fit the description of the audience they are trying to reach. We only authorize our third-party ad servers to employ anonymous cookies for ad delivery and anonymous targeting. These third-party ad servers do not collect, nor do we give them access, to any personally identifying information about you.

Analytics and Interest-Based Advertising
Certain companies may participate in the Digital Advertising Alliance ("DAA") AdChoices Program and may display an Advertising Option Icon for interest-based ads that links to an opt-out tool which allows you to exercise certain choices regarding targeting. You can learn more about the DAA AdChoices Program athttp://www.youradchoices.com/. In addition, certain advertising networks and exchanges may participate in the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI"). NAI has developed a tool that allows consumers to opt-out of certain targeted advertising delivered by NAI members' ad networks. To learn more about opting out of targeted advertising or to use the NAI tool, visithttp://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/. Please be aware that, even if you are able to opt-out of certain kinds of targeted advertising, you will continue to receive non-targeted ads. We are not responsible for effectiveness of, or compliance with, any third-parties' opt-out options or programs or the accuracy of their statements regarding their programs.

Sharing of Information We Collect
As set forth more fully above, we collect certain data when you use the Thomas Services. We do not share, sell, rent or trade personal information collected through the Thomas Services with third parties (other than Thomas' affiliates) for their promotional purposes except as expressly set forth herein, or with your explicit consent.

We may disclose personal information that you provide to us via the Thomas Services to our subsidiaries and affiliates (including those located outside the European Economic Area and Switzerland) as well as to the following third parties under certain conditions:

Contractors, business partners and service providers we use to support our business or who provide services on our behalf. Personal information is shared only to the extent necessary for the third party to provide specific services or functions. These third parties (and any subcontractors) are subject to strict data processing requirements and are restricted from utilizing, sharing or retaining your personal information for any other purpose.
A buyer or acquirer in the event of merger, acquisition, or any form of sale or transfer of some or all of our assets (including in the event of a reorganization, dissolution or liquidation). In such case personal information held by us about our website visitors will be among the assets transferred.
Our Customers when we provide you with their products and services you have requested.
Customers to enable them to provide their website users with information, products or services that such users request.
If you ask us to contact you about goods and services that may be of interest to you, we may use your personal information or permit selected third parties to use your personal information to provide you with such services.
We may also disclose your personal information to the forgoing third parties or others:

To facilitate communications with you or between you and the companies that appear on the Thomas Websites or newsletters.
To comply with any court order or other legal obligation.
In response to lawful requests by public authorities, government, law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims and legal process (such as subpoena requests) or to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. To the extent we are legally permitted to do so, we will take reasonable steps to notify you in the event that we are required to provide your personal information to third parties as part of legal process.
To enforce or apply our Thomas Website Terms and Conditions or terms of any other agreement, including agreement between Customer and Thomas pursuant to which the Customer purchased a ccess to the Service.
To protect the rights, property, or safety of Thomas, our Customers, and our Customer's website visitors or others.
To prevent or stop activity we consider to be illegal or unethical.
Solely with regard to the Thomas Websites, we aggregate information we collect to provide usage reports to Customers who advertise or provide other services on Thomas Websites.

Accountability for Onward Transfer of Personal Information
Thomas transfers personal data to third parties acting as agents of Thomas. Thomas only transfers personal information to third parties for limited and specific purposes and has determined that the agent is able to provide at least the same level of privacy protection as Thomas provides. Thomas ensures that the agent can effectively processes the personal information transferred by Thomas in a manner consistent with Thomas's obligations. We also require agents to notify us if they can no longer meet their obligation to provide that level of protection. Thomas, after receiving such notice will take reasonable and appropriate steps to stop and remediate unauthorized processing of personal information. Thomas can provide a summary or a representative copy of the relevant privacy provisions of its contract with that agent to the Federal Trade Commission upon request.

Thomas remains liable if its agent processes personal data in a manner inconsistent with its requirements, unless Thomas proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.

Communicating With Suppliers and Providers
When you use the communication features and software applications on Thomas Websites to initiate contact with Suppliers or Providers, you may be asked to supply personal information, including one or more of the following: name, telephone number, fax number, postal address and email address, required by these companies to respond to your request to contact you, depending on how you wish the Supplier or Provider to respond to your request. We will only forward a Supplier or Provider the information you provide.

If you choose to call a phone number listed on the Thomas Websites for a Supplier or Provider, your phone contact information, including such information as your phone number, name and location, may be collected and provided to the Supplier or Provider. Additionally, the phone call may be monitored or recorded if a recorded message or other notification is provided at the beginning of the call to this effect, and the recording will be made available to the Supplier or Provider. Thomas and its affiliates, agents, contractors or service providers may also monitor, store, review and access such information and call recordings and use them in connection with the provision of services to Suppliers or Providers for business and marketing purposes.

Additionally, many Suppliers or Providers may make certain services, information and software applications, such as CAD drawings or white papers, available to the users of Thomas Services free of charge. Some of these Suppliers or Providers may require that you provide your contact and personal information in exchange for access to these services, information and applications. If you do not provide the required information, you will not be able to access these services, information and applications. Once information has been provided to a Supplier or Provider, it is out of the control of Thomas and subject to the policies of that Supplier or Provider.

Public Forums and Comments
Your contributions in public forums, including comment threads, are posted on and transmitted to other visitors of the Thomas Websites at your own risk. Please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. Additionally, we cannot control the actions of other visitors of the Thomas Websites with whom you may choose to share your contributions. Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that unauthorized persons will not view your contributions. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Thomas Websites. You understand and acknowledge that, even after removal, copies of your contributions may remain viewable in cached and archived pages or might have been copied or stored by other websites. Proper access and use of information provided on the Thomas Websites, including your contributions, is governed by theThomas Website Terms and Conditions and known or suspected violations should be reported to our Privacy Officer via email at privacy@thomasnet.com. We recommend that you do not share personal information in your contributions.

International Transfer of Data
Thomas may store and process any information collected in connection with the Thomas Services in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage service providers. A list of Thomas' global offices is provided below. By using Thomas Services, you consent to the collection, storage, transfer and processing of information outside of your country of residence, including in the United States.

Thomas Publishing Company
5 Penn Plaza
New York, NY 10001
USA

Genicad, s.r.o.
Voctarova 2449/5
Budova DOCK1
Praha 8 - Liben
180 00
Czech Republic

Transfers of Personal Data
With respect to personal information received or transferred, Thomas is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission.

Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation
Thomas limits collection of personal information to the information that is relevant for the purposes of processing, and we will not process such personal information in a way that is incompatible with the purposes for which it has been collected or subsequently authorized by you. To the extent necessary for those purposes, we will also take reasonable steps to ensure that personal information is reliable for its intended use, accurate, complete and current.

Security Statement
Thomas maintains reasonable and appropriate measures to protect the personal information obtained through the Service from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.

Accessing and Correcting Your Personal Information
You may send us an email at privacy@thomasnet.com to request access to, correct or delete any personal information that you have provided to us in connection with the Website. We will make reasonable efforts to respond to such requests but reserve the right to enforce reasonable limits in cases where the legitimate rights of persons other than the individual would be violated or where the burden or cost of providing access would be disproportionate to the risks to the individual's privacy.

Customer End-User Data
Since each Customer is in control of what information, including any personal information, it collects from its users, how that information is used and disclosed, and how that information can be changed, users of the Service must contact the applicable Customer administrator identified within the Customer's privacy policy with any inquiries about how the Customer uses and discloses personal information and how to access or correct personal information contained in Customer data.

Communication Preferences and Choices
We provide certain choices regarding the information website visitors provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information when using the Thomas Services. If you no longer wish to have your email address used for promotional purposes by Thomas, you may withdraw consent at any time by clicking on the "unsubscribe" link located in the emails sent by Thomas or by contacting us at: privacy@thomasnet.com, or via your user preference settings.

Third Party Websites and Applications
Thomas Websites may link to websites that are not owned or controlled by Thomas. As such, this Privacy Statement does not apply to information collected on any third-party site or by any third-party application that may link to or be accessible from Thomas Websites. In addition, Customers and other third parties, including our business partners and consultants, may develop applications or provide services to you or other third parties using our Service. This Privacy Statement does not apply to information collected by Customers, our business partners and other third parties or third-party applications or services, even if this information is collected using Thomas Services.

Changes to Our Privacy Statement
Thomas reserves the right to update or change this Privacy Statement from time to time. If we make material changes to this Privacy Statement, we will notify you through an appropriate online notice (and obtain your consent where required by applicable law). Your continued use of the Website or Service is deemed to be acceptance of any updates or changes we make to this Privacy Statement and as such, we ask that you review the Privacy Statement periodically for any updates or changes that we may have made.

Contact Information
To ask questions or comment about this Privacy Statement and our privacy practices or if you need to update, change or remove your information, contact us at: privacy@thomasnet.com, or

Thomas Publishing LLC
Attn: Privacy
5 Penn Plaza
New York, NY 10001

Independent Recourse Mechanism
Thomas commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal information. Individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our Privacy Statement should first contact Thomas at privacy@thomasnet.com.

Thomas has committed to refer unresolved complaints to ICDR/AAA, an alternative dispute resolution provider located in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your complaint to your satisfaction, please contact or visit ICDR/AAA complaint linkhttps://adr.org/ for more information or to file a complaint. The services of ICDR/AAA are provided at no cost to you.

PRIVACY RIGHTS IN NON-U.S. JURISDICTIONS
Accuracy and Access to Personal Information
EU and Swiss persons may request access to their personal information under this policy to the full extent required by applicable law in the home country of the person making the request. Such persons may request the correction, amendment, or deletion their personal information that is inaccurate or has been processed in violation of applicable laws. Thomas will reasonably fulfill such requests to the extent required by applicable law.

EU and Swiss persons have the right to ask us not to process their personal information for marketing purposes. We will inform you (before collecting your information) if we intend to use your information for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by declining to submit your personal information when so informed. You can exercise these rights at any time by contacting us atprivacy@thomasnet.com or by sending a letter to the addresses set forth in Contact Information above.

Revocation of Consent
EU and Swiss persons also have the right to revoke their given consent regarding the use and sharing of their personal information. However, it is important to note that in some cases such request may not be immediately or fully executed because it is possible that we have a legal obligation to keep using your personal information. Also, you must consider that for certain purposes, the revocation of consent means that we cannot continue providing the services you requested. You can revoke your consent at any time by contacting us at privacy@thomasnet.com by sending a letter to the addresses set forth Contact Information above.

Accountability and Inquiries
Any EU or Swiss person who is not satisfied with Thomas's compliance with data protection laws may contact Thomas to resolve such complaints at privacy@thomasnet.com or by sending a letter to the addresses set forth Contact Information above. If any EU or Swiss person believes that such a complaint has not been resolved, he or she agrees first to try and settle the dispute by mediation, administered by the International Centre for Dispute Resolution under its Mediation Rules, before resorting to arbitration, litigation, or some other dispute resolution procedure. The rules governing these procedures and information regarding how to file a claim free of charge can be found here:https://www.adr.org/.

Any EU or Swiss person who remains dissatisfied may contact his or her national Data Protection Authority in the country where the person resides.

---------

Thomas Industrial Network's California Do Not Track Notice
Thomas does not track its users over time and across third party websites to provide targeted advertising on site and therefore does not respond to Do Not Track (DNT) signals. However, some third party sites do keep track of your browsing activities when they serve you content, which enables them to tailor what they present to you. If you are visiting such sites, some web browsers allow you to set the DNT signal on your browser so that third parties (particularly advertisers) know you do not want to be tracked. Third parties that have content embedded on Thomas' websites such as an online catalog or a social feature may set cookies on a user's browser and/or obtain information about the fact that a web browser visited specific Thomas website content from a certain IP address. However, third parties cannot collect any other personally identifiable information from Thomas' websites unless you provide it to them directly.

CONTACTING THOMAS

If you have any questions regarding Thomas Industrial Network's California Do Not Track Notice please contact us via e-mail by clicking here.

Or write to us at:

Privacy Manager
Thomasnet
Thomas Industrial Network Inc.
5 Penn Plaza
New York, NY 10001
Revised: September 17, 2015